
# Interactive Maps and scripts generated by Cavalcante et al, for the paper 
"Modelling 21st Century Refugia and Impact of Climate Change on Amazonia's 
Largest Primates"

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

This repository contains some of the results of a study on the impact of 
climate change on Amazonian ateline primates, as well as the identification of 
potential 21st century refugia for their conservation. The study was based on 
an ensemble forecasting approach for species distribution models, combining 
climatic and remotely sensed data to estimate current and future distributions 
of nine extant taxa of ateline primates across the Amazon basin.

The maps and scripts included in this repository are user-friendly and can be 
used to generate dynamic and interactive maps that are openly accessible and 
easy to use by decision-makers and
conservation managers.

# Contents of the Repository

1. Metadata
    - Basic information for accessing and using the interactive maps.
2. R script
    - R script used for the multi-species distribution modelling with the 
parameter implementation settings.
3. Moderate scenario
    - Maps of hotspots of vulnerability to climate change and 21st century 
refugia for each taxon under a moderate scenario of climate change.
4. Worst scenario
    - Maps of hotspots of vulnerability to climate change and 21st century 
refugia for each taxon under a worst-case scenario of climate change.
4. Current period (1981-2010)
    - Uncertainty interactive maps for all taxa for the current period.
5. Future period (2041-2070) - Moderate
    - Uncertainty interactive maps for each taxon under the moderate climate 
change scenario.
6. Future period (2041-2070) - Moderate
    - Uncertainty interactive maps for each taxon under the worst-case climate 
change scenario.

# Getting Started
To get started with the project, please refer to the Metadata PDF file at the 
Data folder.


# Conclusion
This repository provides a valuable resource for decision makers, researchers 
and anyone interested in understanding the impact of climate change on 
Amazonia's largest primates and their habitats. The interactive maps are easy to 
use and the script can be customized to fit the specific needs of each user. 
If you have any questions or feedback, please don't hesitate to reach out to us.
